# Quantum Software Companies

## 1Qbit

We identify intractable industry problems and build the software necessary to harness the best
classical and quantum hardware technologies to solve them.

* [1Qbit Homepage](https://1qbit.com/)

## AQuantum Software Engineering

Quantum Software Engineering and Development.

* [AQuantum Software Engineering Homepage](https://www.aquantum.es/)

## A*Quantum

We are a company specializing in quantum computer software. We provide software that can be used
conveniently not only by researchers but also by end users to solve their own problems.

* [A*Quantum Homepage](https://a-star-quantum.jp/index_en.html)

## Agnostiq

Agnostiq combines best-in-class quantum applications, privacy tools, and support for all of the
latest quantum hardware into a powerful and easy-to-use platform designed to help organizations
solve mission critical tasks.

* [Agnostiq Homepage](https://agnostiq.ai/)

## Algorithmiq

We use complex system approaches combined with quantum algorithms to tackle computationally costly
problems in life sciences and data science.

* [Algorithmiq Homepage](https://algorithmiq.fi/)

## Apex Qubit

Harnessing frontier technologies for discovery of new medicines and better healthcare for humanity.

* [Apex Qubit Homepage](https://www.apexqubit.com/)

## Apply Science

Develop code for a quantum computers for products and services in quantum artificial intelligence,
mainly focusing on quantum neural networks virtual drug development.

* [Apply Science Homepage](https://www.applyscience.it/quantum-division/)

## Classiq

Creating quantum algorithms today means being bound by meticulous low-level coding, or the 
repurposing of existing building blocks. With Classiq, human defined concepts can be automatically
synthesized into the quantum circuits needed to build brand new algorithms. No endless coding. No 
limits on your innovation.

* [Classiq Homepage](https://www.classiq.io/)

## CogniFrame

We help Institutions improve their Outcomes through the use of Machine Learning and Quantum
Optimization or Simulation under a Hybrid Model. Using our versatile “Financial Services Operating
Layer” that sits on top of Quantum Cloud, seeks to solve NP Hard, intractable and computationally
intensive optimization and simulation problems.

* [CogniFrame Homepage](https://www.cogniframe.com/)

## Elyah

Qubit Workbench: Your new quantum terminal. Quantum computers offer unique solutions to business
problems. Qubit Workbench provides a space to write, test, debug, and simulate your quantum code.
Begin writing programs now.

* [Elyah Homepage](https://elyah.io/)

## Entropica Labs

We partner with enterprise customers to support understanding and integrate quantum computing. We
can multiply the value of your quantum computing budget, by helping you to identify the most
appropriate use cases and technology for the goals of your organization.

* [Entropica Labs Homepage](https://www.entropicalabs.com/)

## Horizon

Horizon Quantum Computing is developing a new generation of programming tools to simplify and
expedite the process of developing software for quantum computers. By removing the need for prior
quantum computing experience, Horizon’s tools will democratize the development of quantum-enhanced
applications, making the power of quantum computing accessible to every software developer.

* [Horizon Homepage](http://horizonquantum.com/)

## HRL Laboratories

HRL Laboratories is a world leader in developing solid-state technology for quantum computing and
networking. We are advancing a variety of technologies including silicon heterostructure quantum dot
qubits, silicon carbide photonics, superconducting nanowire single photon detectors, chip-scale
atom-optics components, and microwave-dot hybrid systems.

* [HRL Quantum Science & Engineering](https://quantum.hrl.com/)

## Multiverse Computing

* [Multiverse Computing Homepage](https://www.multiversecomputing.com/)

## Quantum Benchmark

* [Quantum Benchmark Homepage](https://quantumbenchmark.com/)

## Quantum Brilliance

* [Quantum Brilliance Homepage](https://quantumbrilliance.com/)

## Quantum Computing Inc.

* [Quantum Computing Inc. Homepage](https://www.quantumcomputinginc.com/)

## Quantum Thought

* [Quantum Thought Homepage](https://www.quthought.com/)

## Qubit Pharmaceuticals

* [Qubit Pharmaceuticals Homepage](https://qubit-pharmaceuticals.com/)

## QxBranch (Acquired by Rigetti)

* [QxBranch acquired by Rigetti](https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/rigetti-computing-acquires-qxbranch-to-expand-full-stack-capabilities-300882977.html)

## Strangeworks

* [Strangeworks Homepage](https://strangeworks.com/)

